you know how to flirt thieves there's
some blue Felidae you did what are you
gonna do about it
I just knew that this was gonna be
something really special so I pursued it
Liana is cute as a button this is real
innocence to her and a beauty to it love
you too I love you that really comes
through in her portrayal of Amanda Luke
and I had worked with creating small
moments that are just full of
electricity and excitement between the
two you mind doing that again Andy we
wanted the audience to fall in love with
our characters so then later when you
meet Michelle and James in the future
you want them to reignite that passion
this is dangerous
you couldn't have gotten bald or fat or
something cheese I love what she does
with the character she's this vivacious
girl who has taken the world by storm
do you want this you dude their dynamic
is awesome just raw beautiful with their
hearts pouring out of their eyes for
each other me
see the depth of feeling literally
within every scene that she does and how
powerful first love is she's magnificent
love takes
such an epic full-on love story you
can't help but get swept up in
the great thing about this film is that
it makes you believe in endless love and
I love it gosh man what would you risk
for me everything
let me love you like that
you